Updates to Readme (#25)
last9/openapm-nodejs: README.md

<a href="https://last9.io"><img src="https://last9.github.io/assets/last9-github-badge.svg" align="right" /></a>

# @last9/openapm

> An Open-Source tool by Last9 to track NodeJS performance metrics using Prometheus. Track metrics like CPU usage, Garbage collection, Event loop lag and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An APM solution based on metrics and open-source tools such as Prometheus and Grafana for NodeJs-based applications.
```

## Table of Contents
1. [Installation](#installation)
2. [Usage](#usage)
3. [Options](#options)
4. [Setup Locally](#setup-locally)
5. [Grafana Dashboard View](#grafana-dashboard-view)

> 6. [About Last9](#about-last9)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
